<p>
Despite my intention of onlny playing FF games I missed, after playing through 9, I got really curious about 10.
I plaed it once before years ago but I really didn't remember a lot about it.
I wanted to see if it stood up to the game I just played so here I am.
</p>
<p>
Spoiler free part here.
It is very good. Characters talk to each other much more than I remember and you end up learning a lot about each party member.
10 really goes toe to toe with 9 especially since 10 doesn't feel rushed from the outset.
There are a lot of lore things that if you look too closely at it breaks down fast, but as long as a story does not focus too much on it I don't notice.
The only parts that are bad in story are the really cheesey parts, but they're fine.
Music is amazing. Except when you are doing those fucking puzzles.
Fuck doing some of those puzzles, kills the pacing.
Seriously getting the bonus item for one of them requires doing the whole puzzle again.
When choosing an rpg to play, this is a really good one.
</p>
<p>
I am so dumb, I did not realize Yuna was an airhead when I played this on the PS3.
Something sad about the PS4 version, I barely hear the battle voicelines. RIP Titus's "Live and let live!"
I usually hate the "Shitty dad cared about you" trope, but this game actually managed to do something different with it.
Turns out, Ject was the one telling his mom to take care of him. Wow, that's kind of fucked. Basically means Titus had no connections in Zanarkand.
I remember Ject had some sort of reason to be tought on Titus, but considering I don't actually remember the reason it was probably flimsy.
Watching Ject improve hiimself over his journey was probably pretty painful for Titus, and also how Yuna has very positive memories with Ject, ouch.
I don't know where I was going with this. Pretty much everyone gets a character growth moment. It is all very satisfying to watch.
</p>
<p>
Really funny how I had Khimari at basically sphere level 10 at the end.
Why is the optimal way to play blitzball to score one goal and chill out in the corner?
Because otherwise the other team levels up evenly of course while your goaly stays like lvl 2.
That lightning puzzle is the worst. So unintuitive.
Rikku's design looks out of place, which is amazing considering Lulu exists.
That song that plays during the date is so cheesy it ruins the regular version for me.
The lore really breaks down if you think too hard about it, like I mentioned before.
Sin wasn't that hard to try and kill so why didn't the Ject group try?
Dream Zanarkand is seriously in the middle of the ocean somewhere?!
Wait if Sin is supposed to exist to keep Zanarkand alive why did it attack Zanarkand?
Why did Auron get old, lose his arm, and eye despite being a spirit? We see multiple undead and they don't age.
</p>
<p>
I really liked how structered each fight is.
Being able to switch out party members on the fly is great. Though every party member should get experience even iif they don't particpate in my opinion.
The game is balanced pretty well with that in mind, but II would imagine people would think its annoying anyway.
Wow actual challenging bosses in the main story for once.
Anyway, story really good, deserves to be called one of the best FF games.
</p>
